Create ui-c8y-1022-14-0-added-support-for-bulk-revocation-of-provisioned-device-certificates-9568-graft.md (#3613)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1022-14-0-added-support-for-bulk-revocation-of-provisioned-device-certificates-9568-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: Added support for bulk revocation of provisioned device certificates (#9568) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#9721)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Bulk revocation of provisioned device certificates
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62990
version: 1022.14.0
---

> This change makes it possible to revoke provisioned device certificates in bulk by selecting them in the data grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, provisioned device certificates could only be revoked individually. With this change, it is now possible to select multiple provisioned device certificates in the data grid and revoke them in bulk. This simplifies the process of revoking multiple certificates.
```
